Week 1

Group formed. As a Scrum master, created Jira and Github accounts.

Week 2

Together with other members, worked on the proposal and wrote user stories. 
Wrote out the sprints from Week 3 to Week 9 where user stories have to be covered for each sprint is specified.

Week 3

Submitted proposal. Started working on the website. Based on sprint 1, we should be able to have the look of the main page done. 
Started picking up on React and wrote functions to show the search bar and displaying photos on the main page.
Since we decided to use Hooks for React, I got an issue with React 'props', so was stucked on that for quite some time. 
Me and Cristian are responsible for front-end, so we are planning to get the main page done by beginning of Week 4, and create a window to post photos.

Week 4

Solved the issue with React 'props' that I have faced with last week. 
Successfully managed to display the photos on the main page, and make them align nicely without weird gaps. 
Created a feature where as you hover on each image, the shadow gets add on and 3 buttons "Like", "Bookmark" and "Buy" are shown.
Next week planning to work on the look and funcitonalities of likes.

Week 5

Started implementing the like, comment and bookmark buttons, so that as you hover on each photo card on the discover page, those 3 buttons appear and allow the user to use those functionalities. 
Started learning how to use grids in CSS in order to build the pages to portray the photo along with it's price, likes, comments, author and other related photos.
Started working on the each post. Learned how to use grid from scratch and spent time designing and aligning the post page. Each post shows the author, number or likes, price and comments. Had some issues with the backend APIs, but through communication figured out the issues. 
Started working on show likes, making sure that when the user presses the like button for the second time it would get un-liked.
NExt week planning to work on arranging the look of photo's profile using CSS grids. 

Week 6
Struggled with arranging the grids in CSS, by the middle of the week successfully learnt how to use it, and built the basic look of the photos information page. 
Started learning how to implement infinite scrolling for the main display page.
Started implementing infinite scroll but faced the issue of infinite fetching of the content, still need to figure it out. 
Started working on the comments, designing the look and how to stack them on top of each other.
Next week planning to continue working on comments since it is still a bit messy.

Week 7

Continuing working on comments. Had issues with backend APIs, but solved them by adding extra headers and fixing the variable types. 
Successfully showed each comment as well as the user who posted it and the date. 
Made sure when the comment is added, it is automatically added to the comment section without the need to refresh the page. 
Managed to design and show the replies to each comment along with showing how many comments are in total for each comment. 
Managed to delete comments only if you are the one who posted it.
Changed the font of the website to make it look nicer.
Next week planning on improving the UI by creating modals. Will also work on collections.

Week 8

Starting learning and implementing modals. 
Managed to make the modal for collections, so that when you click on the bookmark button, a modal appears showing all of the users existing collections and provide an option to create a new collection.
Managed to create the user's personal collection page, so that when you click on each collection, it shows all the photos in that specific collection.
Managed to show if the collection is private or public, how many photos are in the collection, the name of the collection and the creator of the collection.
Managed to edit and make the collection public/ private as well as deleting it.
Managed to create modals for login and signup pages.
Next week planning on finishing the shopping cart and checkout pages.

Week 9 
Managed to style and finish the functionalities of both shopping cart and checkout pages.
Struggled with designing using CSS grids and flexboxes, but manages to solve those issues.
Managed to add the functionality of having the "Save for Later" section in the shopping cart page.
Managed to update the websites UI: added a randomised background bar for the main page, created more modals for some pages, changed fonts and designed the look of Collections page and User's Profile page.
Managed to create a new Logo, and be able to click on the Logo in order to go back to the main page.
Managed to develop the "Delete My Account functionality", so that if the user wants to delete his/ her account, a modal pops up asking for confirmation and details.
Finished the project (yay! :3)